---
sidebarTitle: "FAQs"
title: "Frequently Asked Questions"
---

<AccordionGroup>

<Accordion title="Is all this speed really necessary?">

Short answer, yes. There have been many studies that show a correlation between
slow response times on websites, and users leaving a website and even loss of
potential revenue.

When I worked at Amazon, we had to make sure that any advertisements we designed
would not exceed a certain size. This was to ensure that the site performed
well, so as not to impact user experience, and ultimately loss in sales.

</Accordion>

<Accordion title="Why TypeScript?">

Because no one should code in plain JavaScript anymore. Seriously. Stop it.

</Accordion>

<Accordion title="Why Bun and Deno?">

Bun is just amazing. It's almost become a drop-in replacement for Node, but with
so many benefits that make it ready for the edge, such as fast startup times,
built-in TypeScript support, and extremely fast installs (goodbye long builds).

Deno is also coming up fast in the TypeScript community. It will have a longer
journey for adoption (although this has been shortened with NPM support), but
it's a really great way to build smaller scripts and even applications with
TypeScript.

</Accordion>

<Accordion title="Why strong data consistency?">

The challenge with globally distributed data, is that you need to find a way to
make sure that when it's requested from various locations around the world, each
user has the most up to date version of that data. Eventual consistency means
that you could end up in a situation where you have a write to your database in
one region, and a read with stale data from another region. For many use cases
this is not a problem. However, for applications such as e-commerce sites, you
need to make sure that the stock count is accurately reflected everywhere. This
is where strong consistency is required. It means that if there is an updated
record in your database, you can be sure that anyone reading that value from
around the world gets the latest version of that record.

The tradeoff here is that writes can take just a bit longer to complete. This is
why Nubo SQL gives you the option to have strong consistency with slightly
longer writes, or eventual consistency with fast writes and slightly longer
global replication. You can choose the strategy that suits your requirements.

</Accordion>

<Accordion title="Why MySQL compatibility?">

When a new database comes out with features such as high scalability, global
data access, etc., I first assess what the effort will be for me to use this
tech in my applications. It's always great to have the option to move your
applications between platforms. For example, let's say you built your startup's
application using Cloudflare Workers KV (Cloudflare's global data store). Now
your startup has grown, and you have more complex querying requirements that go
beyond what KV is able to offer. The migration from KV to something like MySQL
can be a nightmare (depending on how tightly integrated your application is with
KV). Therefore, it's always best to choose tech that allows you to move to
another platform with minimal or, ideally, no changes to your codebase.

This is why Nubo SQL is wire compatible with MySQL. No need to learn some new
proprietary query language. It's just MySQL. Many developers already know MySQL,
or if you're using PostgreSQL, it's very easy to port to MySQL. Another benefit
of this is that it allows you to use Prisma!

</Accordion>

<Accordion title="Why Prisma support?">

The tools I use as a developer are very important to me. They not only help me
to develop faster, but provide a host of other benefits that I don't want to
compromise on. Prisma is the best way to have type safe access to your database,
perform migrations, seed data, and more. You can even generate a prisma schema
from an existing database. This is why support for Prisma is a must.

Something to note is that Prisma itself is not designed to work well at the
edge, which is why Prisma created their Data Proxy. This allows you to deploy a
light version of Prisma with your edge application, then send queries to the
Data Proxy, which in turn proxies the requests to your database. However,
Prisma's Data Proxy is only available in two regions - Frankfurt, Germany and N.
Virginia, USA. This is not ideal if your code is running all over the world,
bringing us back to the same problem as when your database was in a single
region.

This is why Nubo has its own data proxy deployed to all the regions that Nubo
SQL is available.

</Accordion>

<Accordion title="Do we really need compliance (GDPR)?">

Unless you want to get fined because you stored an EU citizen's data in a
non-GDPR compliant region, then yes, you do need to think about compliance. GDPR
isn't the only data privacy regulation that exists. California has the
[California Consumer Privacy Act](https://oag.ca.gov/privacy/ccpa) (CCPA),
Brazil has
[LGPD](https://iapp.org/resources/article/brazilian-data-protection-law-lgpd-english-translation),
and many more countries/territories are beginning to adopt their own data
privacy policies/regulations/laws. These policies can also come with hefty fines
for non-compliance. This is why we as developers need to make sure we have full
control over what data goes where.

Nubo is built with compliance in mind, allowing you to choose where the data is
stored, so that when the time comes for a data access requests or audits, you
can take the necessary actions to remain compliant.

</Accordion>

</AccordionGroup>
